So now our shipping zones what are going to add some ship in methods to the United States.
I'm going to click here on the
at the bottom you can see that we have our shipping method.
So for example let's say here you can take the cart and I'm going to take you and check out and from
here we're going to scroll it a little and you can see what I have for example United States or I have
another country let's say Spain and everything.
And you can see that we are not charging the shipping.
So let's start working with the United States and then the other should be in metal.
From here you can see it like flat rate free shipping or look at pick up.
So that's the flat rate for years now shipping and from here you can click it on any and you can have
the name of title flat rate.
You can decide if you want taxes here or not.
And you can add the cost in this case and it's had $10 say changes and that's up and I get that check
out Rydell.
Now you can see for example if they open this band you can see that we have there are no shipping methods.
We're going to fix that in the upcoming years but there's this Jay-Zs to the United States and now you
can see we have 3 $10 but our limits for example is really come on.
You can see that we only have one item but let's say that the U.S. is buying 20 of they they got that
that said something like three because they're stock is three.
You can see if I click here on a set checkout you can see that we're charging them.
So maybe I will not charge based on the amount of probes that the U.S. has in the card.
So you can open again the flat rate.
You don't get it.
And if you go over here on the question mark you can as you can see some examples.
So for example you're going out then dimes in say square brackets you have granted the save the changes
and relo.
So now you can see the flat rate is still $2.
So you can play with these values and you can decide how much you want to charge for shipping.
So again I'm going to go over here.
You can see that we have with the coast and right here in Sac is quite a racket.
You know the bottom and so we have another shot called.
So for example you can also charge ghost dimes and maybe you will not charge that 10 percent of the
amount of money that this guy or this person is trying to purchase from their website.
So it is really a lane and you can see the problem with the dollars where Chalion flattery of $3 of
cards you can play with these values and you will have a better approach.
So this is how you either flat rate your e-commerce Web site and we're going to continue working with
these shipping zones and she'd been Mehta's that we have added in the next medius.